---
title: "Top Tip #1"
summary: "We have a term at CoLab for the helpful little things we discover in our interactions with technology, business and life in general. We call each one a 'top tip.' Just the smallest piece of intelligence can make us excited, giddy even, when we find that it eases the modern challenges of completing a task, managing something or just helps things run smoothly."
date: 2013-01-25
author: Ralph
readfullarticle: 2013-01-25-top-tip-1
---

# Top Tip #1

We have a term at CoLab for the helpful little things we discover in our interactions with technology, business and life in general. We call each one a “top tip.” Just the smallest piece of intelligence can make us excited, giddy even, when we find that it eases the modern challenges of completing a task, managing something or just helps things run smoothly.

Today’s top tip is not all that much of a secret. If you run your own business or manage operations of someone else’s, using Google’s Gmail business app for your email is a powerful tool that allows you to focus on the important thing, good communication! Even though we offer email hosting to our clients, the google business suite is something we often recommend to them. With a huge amount of storage, simple set up with devices, security and its suite of productivity tools, it is an incredible value. Have you ever spent way too much time troubleshooting why you can’t send an email from your iPhone? We have, and we troubleshoot for a living. Issues like that all but disappear with this service.

You might be saying, yeah, but isn’t Google evil? [Out for global domination](http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2011/aug/18/how-google-dominates-us/?pagination=false)? It is a valid concern and remains to be seen. At least with email, they have nailed it.  So for now we are taking their passion of innovation and “Don’t be evil” moto at their word.
